# afterlight
What is Afterlight? Afterlight is a puzzle-adventure game with environmental narrative in 2.5D. You play as Xin, an astronaut stranded during a mission on Titan.  After losing the rest of her crew in an accident, she will be forced to complete the mission in solitary as she discovers disturbing events that will question her perception of reality.  What makes Afterlight so awesome? Afterlight is designed to convey emotions through unique situations and challenges, to tell a story of overcoming psychological disorders. One of our strengths is the relationship of our protagonist with her partner: a drone with AI specialized in medical and psychological evaluation.  The visual aesthetics are inspired by the architectural study developed by Lebbeus Woods. The majority of his explorations deal with the design of systems in crisis: the order of the existing being confronted by the order of the new. His designs are politically charged and provocative visions of a possible reality; provisional, local, and charged with the investment of their creators.  When it will be released? Sometime in Q3 of 2020.  Do you have publisher? Not yet, we are developing with our own resources and private investment. We are willing to sign with a publisher in a future to have a better product for all of you.  What platforms will the game release on? Our main goal is Windows, Mac, and Linux. If we are capable of sign with a publisher or get more resources we will port the game to Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.  Will Afterlight be localized to my language? The main language will be English. We would love for the game to be translated into your language, but it will depend on the resources we have.  What about VR support? We have no plans to release the game in VR right now.  What about the soundtrack? We have a music composer and a sound designer working on an unique and beautifully crafted soundtrack.  Who made this? Afterlight is being developed by Silent Road Games, an independent video game studio. We are six of us working full time on the project and two friends working on the soundtrack as freelancers. We are all passionate about what we do and we put all our heart into this project.  Could you tell me more about your development process? You should take a look at our Twitter account. You can find art and development process posts and more.  What technology are you using? Afterlight is being developed in Unity. Along with other amazing tools and plugins.  Can I help you guys streaming this game or spreading the word? Yes please. We would love you to help us to stream and share everything related to the game. The more we are talking about Afterlight, the happier and more grateful we will be. We do not care if you make money with it.
